https://codepen.io/meer4/pen/eYdpYxR

    1. What is Semantic HTML?
Decriptive tags like <section> instead of just using something nondescript like <div>.
    2. What is HTML used for? 
Displaying web pages in a browser.
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it? 
An attribute is something that modifies an html tag, like assigning a class to it. It goes in the opening portion of the tag.
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
It's used for a header. Probably only once and for the main header.
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
The anchor tag and the image tag.
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document? 
The title and the external stylesheet.
    7. What is an id?
Something important in javascript later, but for now it works like a class.
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
Any element I think.
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
Once.
    10. What is a class? 
It adds unique identifier to an html tag for styling it in css.
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
Any as far as I remember.
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
Any number of times.
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
Add target="blank_" to the link
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
To display alt text for the image for when the image doesn't load or someone is using a screen reader.
    15. How do I reference an id?
With a # in CSS
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
They're mostly the same but a section is considered a section of grouped items on a web page.
    17. What is CSS used for?
CSS is used to style the website.
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
By typing the tag name into the CSS file.
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
A class can be used multiple times to apply styling to different tags. An id does the same thing but has special javascript uses later.
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
With the . modifier
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
p.human{}
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful?
It selects the child of a parent for styling, it's useful when you want to detail a specific thing.
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
a.sidebar{}
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
They let you do things like apply styling to mouseover on an element.
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
line-height:
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
letter-spacing:
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
text-transform: capitalize
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page?
With *
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
/**/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
On the top of the command line window
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
ls (linux) or dir (windows)
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
rm "filename", there is no recycle bin for safety.
    34. Why should I use version control? 
Because it allows multiple people to work on a project at once without conflicting versions.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
Once when you're done with your work.
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github?
git push -u origin "my-name"
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
cd desktop/lambda/github/
git clone "repository link"
cd "repository folder"
code .
git checkout -b "my-name"
git add .
git commit -m "message"
git push -u origin "my-name"
